Add MacBookPro16,1 info (#138)
Dunedan/mbp-2016-linux: README.md

### AMD

![MacBookPro13,3 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro13%2C3-working-green.svg) ![MacBookPro14,3 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro14%2C3-working-green.svg) ![MacBookPro16,1 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro16%2C1-working-green.svg)

> Works out of the box on most models. MacBookPro 16,1 currently requires a 5.6-RC kernel and the latest amdgpu drivers.

Reviewer: Please clarify what "most models" means.

```suggestion
Works out of the box for the MacBookPro13,3 and MacBookPro14,3.

The MacBookPro16,1 currently requires a 5.6-RC kernel and the latest `amdgpu` drivers.
```

## Keyboard & Touchpad

![MacBookPro13,1 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro13%2C1-working-green.svg) ![MacBookPro13,2 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro13%2C2-working-green.svg) ![MacBookPro13,3 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro13%2C3-working-green.svg) ![MacBookPro14,1 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro14%2C1-working-green.svg) ![MacBookPro14,2 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro14%2C2-working-green.svg) ![MacBookPro14,3 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro14%2C3-working-green.svg) ![MacBookPro16,1 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro16%2C1-working-green.svg)

> Works out of the box with Linux 5.3 and above on earlier models, on MacBookPro 15 and above you'll require the BCE and iBridge drivers from here https://github.com/MCMrARM/mbp2018-bridge-drv along with touchpad and keyboard patches from here

Reviewer: Please clarify what "earlier models" means here, to avoid ambiguity. Something like the following maybe:

```suggestion
Works out of the box with Linux 5.3 and above for MacBookPro13,* and MacBookPro14,*.
For models with T2 chip (MacBookPro15,* and MacBookPro16,*) the BCE and iBridge drivers from https://github.com/MCMrARM/mbp2018-bridge-drv along with touchpad and keyboard patches from here are required.
```

Also which patches are you referring there to?

## Touch ID

![MacBookPro13,2 not working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro13%2C2-not_working-red.svg) ![MacBookPro13,3 not working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro13%2C3-not_working-red.svg) ![MacBookPro14,2 not working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro14%2C2-not_working-red.svg) ![MacBookPro14,3 not working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro14%2C3-not_working-red.svg) ![MacBookPro16,1 not working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro16%2C1-not_working-red.svg)

Not working.

## USB

![MacBookPro13,1 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro13%2C1-working-green.svg) ![MacBookPro13,2 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro13%2C2-working-green.svg) ![MacBookPro13,3 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro13%2C3-working-green.svg) ![MacBookPro14,1 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro14%2C1-working-green.svg) ![MacBookPro14,2 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro14%2C2-working-green.svg) ![MacBookPro14,3 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro14%2C3-working-green.svg) ![MacBookPro16,1 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro16%2C1-working-green.svg)

Works out of the box.

## Wi-Fi

> ![MacBookPro13,1 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro13%2C1-working-green.svg) ![MacBookPro13,2 not working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro13%2C2-not_working-red.svg) ![MacBookPro13,3 not working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro13%2C3-not_working-red.svg) ![MacBookPro14,1 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro14%2C1-working-green.svg) ![MacBookPro14,2 not working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro14%2C2-not_working-red.svg) ![MacBookPro14,3 not working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro14%2C3-not_working-red.svg) ![MacBookPro16,1 not working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro16%2C1not_working-red.svg)

Reviewer: There is a dash missing in there, causing the badge to get rendered wrong. Can you please fix that?

```suggestion
![MacBookPro13,1 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro13%2C1-working-green.svg) ![MacBookPro13,2 not working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro13%2C2-not_working-red.svg) ![MacBookPro13,3 not working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro13%2C3-not_working-red.svg) ![MacBookPro14,1 working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro14%2C1-working-green.svg) ![MacBookPro14,2 not working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro14%2C2-not_working-red.svg) ![MacBookPro14,3 not working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro14%2C3-not_working-red.svg) ![MacBookPro16,1 not working](https://img.shields.io/badge/MacBookPro16%2C1-not_working-red.svg)
```

happen as it wouldn't provide enough return on investment for them (see
https://bugzilla.kernel.org/show_bug.cgi?id=193121 for details).

> The MacBook Pro 16,1 comes with a `Broadcom Inc. and subsidiaries BCM4364 802.11ac Wireless Network Adapter (rev 04)` which is detected with wifi patches from [here](https://github.com/aunali1/linux-mbp-arch) but doesn't work as no appropriate firmware is available. Catalina+ firmware doesn't seem to work here and no pre-Catalina fw is available for this card (Bali).

Reviewer: Please use the correct spelling for the model identifier. Everything else leads to confusion sooner or later for people not as familiar with the models. Same for some abbreviations.

```suggestion
The MacBookPro16,1 comes with a `Broadcom Inc. and subsidiaries BCM4364 802.11ac Wireless Network Adapter (rev 04)` which is detected with wifi patches from [here](https://github.com/aunali1/linux-mbp-arch) but doesn't work as no appropriate firmware is available. Catalina firmware doesn't seem to work here and no pre-Catalina firmware is available for this card.
```
